DOCS-1656: Add information about Hugo aliases (#1055)
MultiSafepay/docs: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- Periods should be excluded for sentences that finish in an e-mail address (e.g. "..contact us at <example@example.com> "  )

### Images
- Screenshot recomended sizes: Width: 820px - Height: auto

### Aliases

> - When renaming or deleting a page, make sure that an alias of the renamed or deleted page is added to the page users should be redirected to instead. This ensures that every external link that linked to the renamed or deleted page will still link to a existing page. Check the [Hugo Documentation](https://gohugo.io/content-management/urls/#aliases) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When renaming or deleting a page, add an alias of the renamed or deleted page to the page users should be redirected to instead. This prevents external links to return 404 errors. Check the [Hugo Documentation](https://gohugo.io/content-management/urls/#aliases) for more information.
```
